Update accuracy claim in README description (#187)
fingerprintjs/fingerprintjs-pro-server-api-node-sdk: readme.md

# Fingerprint Server API Node.js SDK

[Fingerprint](https://fingerprint.com) is a device intelligence platform offering industry-leading accuracy.

> The Fingerprint Server Node SDK is an easy way to interact with the Fingerprint [Server API](https://dev.fingerprint.com/reference/pro-server-api) from your Node application. You can retrieve visitor history or individual identification events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Fingerprint Server Node SDK is an easy way to interact with the Fingerprint [Server API](https://dev.fingerprint.com/reference/pro-server-api) from your Node application. You can search, update, or delete identification events.
```
